### (1) The Tenets of [The Church of Almighty God](https://www.holyspiritspeaks.org/)


The tenets of Christianity originate from the Bible, and the tenets of The Church of Almighty God originate from all of the truths that have been expressed by God since the time of creation during the work of the Age of Law, Age of Grace, and Age of Kingdom. That is to say, the Old Testament, the New Testament, and the Bible of the Age of Kingdom—The Word Appears in the Flesh—expressed by the returned Lord Jesus of the last days, Almighty God, are the basic beliefs and the tenets of The Church of Almighty God. The Old Testament records Jehovah God’s work of decreeing laws and commandments and guiding the life of man during the Age of Law; the New Testament records the work of redemption carried out by the Lord Jesus during the Age of Grace; and **[The Word Appears in the Flesh](https://www.holyspiritspeaks.org/books/the-word-appears-in-the-flesh/)** is all of the truths for the purification and salvation of mankind expressed by Almighty God during the Age of Kingdom, as well as an account of God’s work of judgment during the last days. The true Bible is all of God’s utterances during the three stages of work, and the fundamental beliefs of The Church of Almighty God are all of God’s utterances during the three stages of work, that is, all of the truths expressed by God during these three stages of work. The three Holy Scriptures are the basic beliefs and the tenets of The Church of Almighty God.

Christianity was born of the work of the Lord Jesus in the Age of Grace, but the Lord Jesus Christ it believes in only did the work of redemption in the Age of Grace. Because the incarnate Lord Jesus was crucified and served as man’s sin offering, delivering man from the hands of Satan and releasing him from the condemnation and imprecation of the law, man had but to come before God and confess his sins and repent to be forgiven his sins and enjoy the bounteous grace and blessings bestowed by God. This was the work of redemption carried out by the Lord Jesus. Although man’s sins were forgiven by the redemption of the Lord Jesus, man was not expunged of his sinful nature, he was still bound and controlled by it, and could not help but commit sin and resist God by being arrogant and conceited, striving for fame and gain, being jealous and disputatious, lying and deceiving people, following the wicked trends of the world, and so on. Man had not broken free from the bondage of sin and become holy, and thus the Lord Jesus prophesied many times that He would come again to carry out the work of judgment of the last days, saying: “And, behold, I come quickly” (Rev 22:12). “And if any man hear My words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejects Me, and receives not My words, has one that judges him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day” (Jhn 12:47-48). It is also written in the First Epistle of Peter that “For the time is come that judgment must begin at the house of God” (1Pe 4:17). Almighty God, Christ of the last days, is the returned Lord Jesus. He has expressed all of the truths for the purification and salvation of man, has carried out the work of judgment beginning at the house of God, and has fully accomplished the prophecies of the Bible. The Word Appears in the Flesh expressed by Almighty God is “what the Spirit says to the churches” (Rev 2:7) prophesied in the Book of Revelation, and is an account of God’s work of judgment in the last days. The work of judgment done by Almighty God is the final stage of work of God’s salvation for mankind, and is also its most fundamental and crucial stage. If man wishes to be saved by God and enter the kingdom of heaven, he must accept God’s work of judgment, and in this have been fulfilled the words of the Lord Jesus: “And at midnight there was a cry made, Behold, the bridegroom comes; go you out to meet him” (Mat 25:6). “Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear My voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and will sup with him, and he with Me” (Rev 3:20). Only if man accepts and experiences the judgment and chastisement of God’s words can he know the holiness and righteousness of God, know the substance and nature of man’s corruption by Satan and its true fact, truly repent before God, rid himself of all the sin, achieve holiness, become one who obeys God and worships God, and be gained by God. Only then will he be qualified to inherit God’s promises and blessings, and gain the beautiful destination.

The tenets of The Church of Almighty God originate from all of the truths expressed by God in His three stages of work, which means that they originate from the words of God recorded in the Bible and from The Word Appears in the Flesh. God began the work of saving mankind following His creation of the world, and His management plan for the salvation of man will not be completed until He finishes the work of judgment beginning at the house of God during the last days. From the words and all the truths God has expressed in the three stages of work, we are entirely able to see that, whether it be God’s work done by using man in the beginning during the Age of Law, or His work during the two times He was incarnated in the Age of Grace and the Age of Kingdom, all are the utterances and the expression of the truth of one Spirit; in substance, it is one God that speaks and works. Therefore, the tenets of The Church of Almighty God originate from the Bible and from The Word Appears in the Flesh.


### (2) About The Word Appears in the Flesh


The Word Appears in the Flesh is the personal utterances of Almighty God, Christ of the last days, and is all the truths that God has expressed to purify and save man during His work of judgment of the last days. These truths are the direct expression of the Holy Spirit, the revelation of God’s life and substance, and the expression of God’s disposition and what He has and is. They are the only path through which man can know God and be purified and saved. The words expressed by Almighty God are the supreme principle of man’s actions and conduct, and there are no higher aphorisms for the life of man.

The Christians of The Church of Almighty God read God’s words in The Word Appears in the Flesh every day, just as the Christians of Christianity read the Bible. All Christians take the words of God as their life’s guide and as the highest of all life’s aphorisms. In the Age of Grace, Christians all read the Bible and listened to the preachings of the Bible. Changes gradually occurred in people’s behavior, and they committed fewer and fewer sins. Likewise, through the reading of the words of Almighty God and the fellowship of the words of God, Christians of The Church of Almighty God gradually understand the truth and break free from the bondage of sin, no longer commit sins and resist God, and become compatible with God. Facts prove that only by reading God’s words can man be purified and transformed and live out the image of the real man. These are facts that no one can deny. The words of God recorded in the Bible were expressed as God worked in the Age of Law and the Age of Grace, while The Word Appears in the Flesh is the words expressed by God in the work of the last days. The source of both is from the Holy Spirit. Almighty God’s words and work have totally fulfilled the prophecies in the Bible, and Almighty God is the returned Lord Jesus, just as the Lord Jesus said: “I have yet many things to say to you, but you cannot bear them now. However, when He, the Spirit of truth, is come, He will guide you into all truth: for He shall not speak of Himself; but whatever He shall hear, that shall He speak: and He will show you things to come” (Jhn 16:12-13). So, too, is it prophesied in the Book of Revelation that, “He that has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches” (Rev 2:7). “And I saw in the right hand of Him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals. … behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, has prevailed to open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof” (Rev 5:1, 5).

Today, we have all seen one fact: All of the words expressed by Almighty God are the truth, and they have authority and power—they are the voice of God. No one can deny or change this. The Word Appears in the Flesh is freely available on the Internet for people of all countries and territories to seek out and investigate. No one dares to deny that they are the words of God, or that they are the truth. God’s words are driving the whole of mankind onward, people have begun to gradually awaken amid the words of God, and they are gradually progressing toward acceptance of the truth and knowledge of the truth. The Age of Kingdom is the age when Almighty God’s words rule on earth. Each and every one of God’s words will be accomplished and fulfilled. Just as all believers in God acknowledge the Bible today, people who believe in God will acknowledge in the near future that The Word Appears in the Flesh is God’s utterances in the last days. Today, The Word Appears in the Flesh is the basis of the beliefs of The Church of Almighty God, and it will surely become the foundation of existence for the whole of mankind in the next age.


### (3) About the Names of God and the Three Stages of God’s Work


Following his corruption by Satan, man lives under the domain of Satan and his corruption has grown ever deeper. Man cannot save himself, and needs the salvation of God. In accordance with the needs of corrupt mankind, God has done three stages of work in the Age of Law, in the Age of Grace, and in the Age of Kingdom. In the Age of Law, God did the work of decreeing laws and commandments and guiding the life of man. In the Age of Grace, God became flesh and, upon the basis of His work in the Age of Law, carried out the work of crucifixion and redeemed man from sin. In the Age of Kingdom, God has once more become flesh and, upon the basis of the work of redemption of the Age of Grace, carries out the work of judgment beginning at the house of God, expresses all of the truths for the purification and salvation of man, and brings us the only way for the pursuit of purification and salvation. Only if we gain the reality of the truth as our life, becoming those who obey and worship God, will we be qualified to be led into the kingdom of God and receive God’s promises and blessings. The three stages of work of God’s salvation of man are closely connected, each stage is indispensable, each goes higher and deeper than the last, they are all the work of one God, and only the three stages of God’s work are the complete work of mankind’s salvation.

The three names—Jehovah, Jesus, and Almighty God—are the different names God has taken in the Age of Law, the Age of Grace, and the Age of Kingdom. God takes different names because His work varies in different ages. God uses a new name to start a new age and represent the work of that age. God’s name was Jehovah in the Age of Law, and Jesus in the Age of Grace. God uses a new name—Almighty God—in the Age of Kingdom, fulfilling the prophecies in the Book of Revelation: “And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia write…. Him that overcomes will I make a pillar in the temple of My God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write on him the name of My God, and the name of the city of My God, which is new Jerusalem, which comes down out of heaven from My God: and I will write on him My new name” (Rev 3:7, 12). “I am Alpha and Omega, the Beginning and the Ending, said the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the Almighty” (Rev 1:8). Although God’s names and work in the three ages are different, there is only one God in substance, and the source is the same.


God’s work of saving man primarily includes three stages of work. He has used a different name in each age, but God’s substance never changes. The three stages of work are done by one God; thus, Jehovah, Jesus, and Almighty God are the same one God. Jesus was the appearance of Jehovah, and Almighty God is the returned Lord Jesus, and so Almighty God is the one true God who created the heavens and the earth and all things, commands all things, and holds sovereignty over everything, and He is the everlasting and one and only Creator.


In the three stages of the work of saving man, God has revealed His entire disposition to man, allowing us to see that God’s disposition is not only mercy and love, but also righteousness, majesty, and wrath, that His substance is holiness and righteousness, and is truth and love, and that God’s disposition and God’s authority and power are not possessed by any created or non-created being. We believe that all the words God has said from the time of creation to the end of the world are the truth. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but **[God’s words](https://www.holyspiritspeaks.org/video-category/daily-words-of-God/)** shall never disappear, and each and every one of them shall be accomplished!